This is the section for the steps of the researcher's final quest. They are described below in sections following the logic of the mod.

**First step:** the researcher starts succumbing to the plague, showing symptoms of the inevitable conversion into an undead; this step consists of simply triggering a dialogue.  
<u>Note</u>: the dialogue tied to the event can be skipped by activating the step along with the following one, so if you want to change it without making and installing a datapack, you can trigger a manual dialogue from the communication section before activating the steps.

**Second step:** once realizing he has failed in his search for a cure, the researcher descends into the tent's basement (leaving the trapdoor under the sleeping bag unhidden), writes a farewell diary to the player, and locks himself in the cage.  
When the player finds him, they can do **two different things**: they can search for the necessary materials and **cure him** (if they know it's possible, of course), or **kill him** and obtain the dagger (which can only be obtained with his death). If the player decides to cure the researcher, he will thank them and (<u>if the right trade is enabled</u>, which should be done along with the second step to avoid forgetting it) offer them the mod's items in exchange for a piece of paper each.  
If the researcher is cured, after the player **gets away** from the tent and **approaches it again** (by reloading the chunks), he will teleport out of the basement (otherwise, the teleportation command from the commands section can be used), and once encountered again will give a farewell speech but stay in the tent, continuing to sell (or give away) what he has in stock.

**Third step:** the researcher will leave a chest containing the decorated horn and the thank-you diary, and will leave to continue his journey, taking the tent and the basement items with him (the entrance of the basement will be plugged).  
<u>Note</u>: He won't necessarily be gone forever; if you want to bring him back in the future for some reason, you can always spawn a new tent, perhaps without a basement. In that case, make sure to deactivate the quest steps before spawning it and prepare (by datapack) some dialogues to justify his return.
